https://www.uts.edu.au
UTS continues its climb up the QS global rankings to affirm its reputation as a leading university.
Join us for undergraduate and postgraduate study.
Secure your place to study at UTS before your final Year 12 exams.
UTS undergraduate and postgraduate courses can help you invent your next move.
Skill up, build specialisations and enhance your career with UTS short courses and free tasters.
Looking to advance in your current industry, kickstart a career change or take the next step in your study? Start your postgraduate journey here.
 
A UTS-led research team whose game-changing antenna technology is making Australia safer has taken out one of Australia’s premier science awards.
Endangered seahorses released into Chowder Bay in landmark conservation effort.
A new five-year agreement between NBN Co and UTS will bring together students, academics and industry experts to tackle challenges in the telecommunications.
UTS has ranked in the top 20 universities globally for the second year in a row in an international index on sustainable development.
Professor Robynne Quiggin, one of Australia's foremost Indigenous leaders, will formally join the university's leadership team.
The New Colombo Plan changed the lives of UTS alumni Alli Devlin and Simon Truong and those around them in Vietnam.
Ranked No.1 young university in Australia
Australia's top university for research impact
Our teaching integrates real-world practices
Our leading experts and infrastructure in artificial intelligence, data science and robotics are building the future of Australian industry.
We're committed to providing spaces for First Nations students to thrive at UTS.
Our UTS Startups program nurtures student's big ideas as they develop their first startup. 
Connect with our researchers who solve real world problems.
Equip your people with the skills and specialisations for the rapidly changing job market.
Our Centre for Social Justice and Inclusion is a gateway for partners and communities to engage with the university's resources and expertise to maximise social impact.